React Native Quickstart: Add logout and update download instructions (#7897)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/native/react-native/00-login.md

contentType: tutorial
useCase: quickstart
---

> <%= include('../_includes/_getting_started', { library: 'React Native'}) %>

Reviewer: ⚡

::: note
For more information on the `accessToken`, refer to [Access Token](/tokens/overview-access-tokens).
:::

### Log the User Out

> To log the user out, you remove the Access Token from state, and then log the user out from Auth0 authorization server.

Reviewer: This is confusing. I'd reverse it, because if the step of calling clearSession fails, we should not remove the token from the state. What about...?

```suggestion
To log the user out, redirect them to the Auth0 log out endpoint by calling `clearSession`. This will remove their session from the authorization server. After this happens, remove the Access Token from the state. 
```
